Fix MT switch (#14682)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/MSBuild-Environment-Variables.md

- `MSBUILDFORCEINLINETASKFACTORIESOUTOFPROC`
  - Set this to force all inline tasks to run out of process. It is not compatible with custom TaskFactories.
- `MSBUILDFORCEMULTITHREADED=1`

>   - Force MSBuild to run in multi-threaded mode (using in-proc nodes for parallel build). This overrides the `-multiThreaded` / `-mt` command-line switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Force MSBuild to run in multi-threaded mode (using in-proc nodes for parallel build). This overrides and ignores any `-multiThreaded` / `-mt` command-line switch.
```
